note about delta up to 9.5 (#1176)
elastic/elastic-otel-java: docs/reference/edot-java/features.md

## Metric temporality

> Until APM version 9.5 {{es}} and {{kib}} work best with metrics provided in delta-temporality. Therefore, the EDOT Java changes the default value of `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_TEMPORALITY_PREFERENCE` to `DELTA`. You can override this default if needed, though some provided {{kib}} dashboards will not work correctly if you do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For APM versions earlier than 9.5, {{es}} and {{kib}} work best with metrics provided in delta-temporality. Therefore, the EDOT Java changes the default value of `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_TEMPORALITY_PREFERENCE` to `DELTA`. You can override this default if needed, though some provided {{kib}} dashboards will not work correctly if you do it.
```
